My precious great-grandson
Where did you run off to?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Hanging out with friends
But what's with the blood on your hand?
That's my friend's blood
He is injured.
You can ask Ogawa if he is injured.
Mommy, Ogawa, where are you going?
Your dad is back.
Dabao what
Is Erbao hurt?
The cat will be back soon.
What's the matter sir
My second son was injured
I have to go back right now
Then I'll send you
No need, take care of Ogawa
Sir, I just saw the little master beside me
Following a little boy
He looks very similar to the young master
Could that boy be Dr. Lin's?
What happened during the time that his Ogawa disappeared?
The young master was taken away by a bodyguard in black
It should be Dr. Lin's son who saved the young master
How did you boys grow up to be as small as Ogawa?
Why aren't there any gifts?
You are going to Dr. Lin's house.
Thank you to our sophomore son